trinity.vim : Build the trinity of srcexpl, taglist, NERD_tree to be a
good IDE

created by Wenlong Che

description [Introduction]

This small plugin is just an IDE manager to control the three plugins
open and close, and build them into a great IDE which works like the
Source Insignt.  I will just update trinity.vim file only since V1.3
and above.

[Features]

1\ Automatic Display of Declarations in the Context Window on the
bottom in the (G)VIM window using the script named 'Source
Explorer(srcexpl.vim)' :
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2179

2\ Symbol Windows For Each File on the left in the (G)VIM window
(G)VIM using the script named 'taglist.vim':
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=273

3\ Quick Access to All Files on the right in the (G)VIM window using
the script named 'The NERD tree(NERD_tree.vim)':
http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1658

4\ You can change various options of each plugin in trinity.vim
according to you request.

[Declaration]

In order to build such an IDE that implement the main
functions(function list, definition and context explorer, file
brower), I had modified the source code of 'NERD_tree.zip 2.13.0'. You
would note the tag named 'CHE Wenlong delete/add  for trinity.vim' in
the NERD_tree.vim.

install details 1\ Unzip the 'trinity.zip', and copy all the script
files into to the plugin directory of Vimfiles, such as ~/.vim/plugin/

2\ Add the followings in your .vimrc or _vimrc and change them by
yourself

" Open and close all the three plugins on the same time nmap <F8>
:TrinityToggleAll<CR>

" Open and close the srcexpl.vim separately nmap <F9>
:TrinityToggleSourceExplorer<CR>

" Open and close the taglist.vim separately nmap <F10>
:TrinityToggleTagList<CR>

" Open and close the NERD_tree.vim separately nmap <F11>
:TrinityToggleNERDTree<CR>
